What does Lu Chenyu mean?
My parents finally got together
Why are you here to make trouble?
I'm not here to make trouble.
I'm here to make amends, I don't need you to make amends
Du Changyu, I want to divorce you
I don't agree.
I started a long time ago
My dream is to marry you
There's no way I'm going to let go.
Don't you like Witt?
But you are Witt, no
I'm not Witt, just my disguise
I'm still the same buckwheat I used to be
The one you hate
Do you really think
I don't know who you really are.
What do you mean?
You already knew that, what did you say?
I just haven't exposed you, have I?
I look at you and want to play
Then I'll play with you
Whether it's buckwheat or Witt
It's all you
I like it as long as it's you.
I want to be glib
I don't like men like you the most
But this man you hate the most?
I like you the most.